("MONEY MONEY"
BY EAMON PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT RAPPING)
♪ Meantime
Need that money back
♪ Money money
Get that money back
♪ Meantime need
That money back
♪ Money money
Get that money back
(HUM OF AIRCRAFT ENGINE)
(EXPLOSION)
♪ So much time gon' by
♪ See I need a little money
♪ Yeah I better get my money
♪ Woo!
♪ No more wasting time yeah
♪ See I need a little money
♪ Yessur!
♪ See I better get my money
♪ Woo!
♪ Who the dummy
Swear I ain't coming
♪ Think about to let
The family go hungry
♪ Ain't happening
Not with the acting
♪ Coughing up crate
'Fore the beast start clapping
♪ Lord please help me
♪ These snake rough again
Nobody help told me
(GLASS SHATTERS)
♪ No no nothing
I need something
(ENGINE REVS)
♪ Meantime
Need that money back
♪ Money money
♪ Meantime
Need that money back ♪
(POUNDING ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD CHEERING
WITH THE MUSIC)
(TRAIN RUMBLING)
("HIT ME WHERE IT HURTS"
BY LALA LALA PLAYING)
♪ Don't make me wait
♪ Hit me where it hurts
♪ Or something even worse
♪ It's never allowed
♪ I'm just waiting around
♪ I've already slipped
(DOOR OPENS)
♪ The longing is it
♪ I know nothing is mine
♪ I'm just biding my time
♪ Turn off the light
♪ I'd rather fight
♪ I don't want to say it
It's a beautiful day.
Don't waste it in bed.
♪ But you look at me
♪ Like I don't exist ♪
DATTA: Dr. Youcobian feels
the surgery went very well.
You can see the pins
inserted here.
But how's your hand feeling?
Good as new.
Good, I'm glad.
With the arthritis you had,
you can expect
an occasional flareup
even after the joint fusion.
Can I go back to work?
What do you do?
This and that.
Different things.
Well... we don't want to be
putting pressure
on your fingers.
We want the new joints
to hold together.
Hm, okay.
I really need to
get back to work.
If you have to, you have to.
Just get in the PT
and use your left hand
as much as possible.
Any other questions?
I could use a refill
on my cocodamol.
Those were just meant for
the day or two after surgery.
Is that a no?
DATTA: Definitely a no.
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
Looking for something?
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
They said I should come here
for pastrami
if things went wrong.
We do not carry pastrami.
In the back.
The spicy variety.
Fuck. Are you serious?
Get back in the car.
Okay.
Back in the car.
DOUG: Okay.
I'm Doug.
Let me see. There's 50...
(COINS CLANKING)
Oh, let me see. Yes!
(INDISTINCT)
(COINS CLANKING)
(DOLINSKI SIGHS EXASPERATEDLY)
That's lovely.
Thank you very much.
You have a nice day.
You can't just close
in the middle of the day.
Well, don't borrow money
if you don't want us
in your deli.
And what am I supposed
to tell the staff?
That I don't know.
Tell them you ran out
of mozzarella.
I don't care.
Psst.
Come.
(DOOR CLOSES)
I'll need a doctor.
Here. Show me.
(UNDOING ZIPPER)
(CLATTERING)
The woman had
a pair of scissors.
Is the job done?
He wasn't home from work yet.
Jesus Christ.
Here. Hold that.
I gotta phone this in.
Okay.
(TELEPHONE KEYS CLACKING)
It's Dolinski.
Yeah.
(TELEPHONE THUDS)
The doctor's on his way.
I'm gonna need a tetanus shot.
Yeah, the doctor
has everything.
Do you still have your piece?
Huh, yeah.
(GUN CLIP CLATTERS)
So why they got you here?
What do you mean?
You're Dolinski, ain't ya?
Take your clothes off.
Why?
When the doctor brings
new clothes,
I'll get rid of this stuff.
(TRASH BAG RUSTLING)
Here.
To answer your question,
I had hand surgery.
Oh, really?
DOLINSKI: Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Put me out of commission
for six weeks.
DOUG: Really?
Yeah.
What's gonna happen?
They shouldn't have sent you
on a job like that.
What are they gonna do to me?
Don't worry.
That's why I'm here.
Should I have run?
No! No, no, no.
It's it's good you didn't.
You know,
show them you stand up,
take responsibility.
Yeah.
Come here.
Let me show you something.
Look.
This is what happens.
Company takes you
on a vacation.
It's beautiful.
Yeah.
Wow.
The Philippines.
The most beautiful beaches
in the world.
Really? Wow.
Weather's great right now.
DOUG: I've never been
anywhere like that before.
(GUN FIRES)
(BLOOD SPLATTERS)
(BODY THUDS)
DOLINSKI: Motherfucker!
(GROANS IN PAIN)
(SIGHS)
WORKER: Oh,
this is a light one, innit?
(REAR OF THE VAN CLOSES)
Oh, and, uh,
Opal wants to see you.
(CROW CAWING)
(TIRES CRUNCH ON PEBBLES)
Hey.
Hey, what's up, Dolinski?
Notice anything different?
A haircut?
DOLINSKI: No!
Fucking brace is off, my man.
Oh, yeah. Hey, that's...
that's great.
You know,
I know she wants to, uh,
she wants to talk to you, so.
I don't mind waiting.
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTFALLS)
Hm.
Still smoking Cohibas,
Dolinski?
I helped myself. Thanks.
It had to be done.
He made a terrible mess.
The wife and two kids.
Didn't even get the guy.
He wasn't ready.
Gotta give him
a chance, right?
No.
Put me back in the field
and we can avoid
these problems.
That's what I wanted to
talk to you about, Dolinski.
Naturally.
It's not happening.
What's not happening?
We're going younger
across the board.
After this mess?
It'll be a process.
Come on, Dolinski.
You must have known
this day was coming.
After 30 years?
I haven't fucked up
a single job.
Your record's impeccable.
Then why?
OPAL: You know why.
What? I had a little injury.
Now I'm recovered.
Don't bullshit me.
Your hand's fucked.
We both know it.
It's fixed.
It's good as new. Shake it.
I'm not doing that, Dolinski.
Go, go, go ahead. Shake it.
Feel the grip.
Strong as steel.
There's a bigger picture,
okay?
We're looking to the future.
Well, my point exactly.
I've got something
I think you might like.
Yeah, we'll see about that.
It'll get you out of the deli.
Back in the field?
In a different capacity.
Doing what?
(LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING)
(BOWLING PINS TOPPLING)
MANAGER: Hi.
Bowling shoes over there.
No bowling for me.
I'm meeting someone.
And no smoking inside, mate.
Sorry.
BARTENDER:
What can I get you?
I'll have a whiskey. With ice.
WIHLBORG: Did you know
that bowling actually started
in 800 B.C.?
You know, I watched
this fantastic documentary
on how they make
bowling balls and...
I can't remember
how they do it.
BARTENDER: There you go.
Thanks.
WOMAN: Bye.
Okay, no, yeah.
Have a good one, you guys.
You Wihlborg?
Yes, I am. And and you are?
Dolinski.
Hey, man. What's up?
Hey, you forgot the vodka.
I don't drink alcohol.
Body's a temple.
You know what I mean?
No.
You know, alcohol's actually
really bad for you.
Makes me uncomfortable
just being around it.
Sorry.
So what did Opal tell you
about this thing?
Said you'd tag along,
give me feedback on how
I handle myself in the North.
No, she didn't.
Yes, she did.
Do you know who I am?
I know you've been around.
Around? I've been at the top
for twice as long
as you exist.
Longer probably.
Probably.
WIHLBORG: Mm.
So I'm not tagging along.
I'm leading the charge.
Whatever, yo...
(PINS CLATTERING)
(PHONE BEEPS)
(PHONE RINGING)
ASSISTANT: Hello?
Let me speak to Opal.
ASSISTANT:
She's not available,
Dolinski.
You tell her this training
bullshit isn't gonna work.
You got that?
ASSISTANT: You know
what she's gonna say.
Look, asshole.
Just tell her
I'm not gonna do this shit.
Yeah?
(PHONE BEEPS)
What'd she say?
Let's get the fuck outta here.
I don't give a shit
what Opal told you
about tagging along.
This job is near Belfast.
Belfast has its own rules.
I happen to know the rules.
So you're gonna do as I say.
Sure thing, Obi-Wan.
What?
Nothing. I get it.
You're like old and shit
and wanna feel, you know...
(CHUCKLES)
Well, say it.
I really want to know
what I feel.
Never mind.
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
You paint your fingernails?
("BEAUTIFUL DIRECTIONS"
BY LALA LALA PLAYING)
♪ Beautiful directions
♪ You've got
Beautiful directions
ANATA: Hey!
Hey.
Hey, Lola.
I need my gear.
You want one of these first?
No, I need something
more substantial.
♪ What am I so afraid of? ♪
(FOOTFALLS)
(DOOR OPENS)
(CLANKING)
DOLINSKI: Thank you.
ANATA: Mm-hm.
DOLINSKI: Mm.
These are molly?
(BOTTLES CLINK SOFTLY)
Yeah.
Can I take some, for the road?
Help yourself.
You're the best.
What do you have this for?
Protection.
Against what? Squirrels?
I like it.
So where you headed next?
Northern Ireland.
Belfast.
Mm. Lucky you.
What do you mean?
I've always wanted
to visit there.
Belfast?
Yeah. You know,
it's got a lot of history.
It's got a great music scene.
(GUN COCKS)
Anyway, I gotta work
all weekend.
Why don't you ask Lola
to hold the fort for you?
(EXCITING MUSIC PLAYING)
Are you like
a prostitute or something?
Whoa, whoa.
What?
Hell did you get that from?
I've heard about
that karaoke spot.
I've never tricked in my life.
Hey, I'm a manager.
I manage people.
I work my ass off.
Harder than you guys.
I don't know about that.
Yeah.
ANATA: Fuck off, Dolinski.
You work like... I don't know,
two days a month?
I'm there every goddamn night.
The fucking people
I have to deal with.
You don't even know.
Hm. What do they
complain about?
What, "My dick itches"
or, you know,
"My pussy's sore"?
No, it's called
conflict resolution.
I resolve shit...
so they don't have to
call you guys.
(EXCITING ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
(SHIP HORN BLARES)
Hey! Look at you people.
Dolinski.
And his beautiful
Ghislaine Maxwell, Anata.
Milo.
Tasteless, as I remember.
Ah, the wunderkind.
Why you dressed like that?
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
Like what?
You got your brace off.
Hey, the 90's called.
They want that haircut back.
Your wife likes it like this.
That is a low blow, Dolinski.
I still have feelings
for that woman.
You look like you're ready
for your morning nap,
so let's just get
straight to work, shall we?
He's a golf fanatic.
Tee time at
the Clandeboye Club
this afternoon.
As good a place as any
to do the job.
Who are these two?
Bodyguards. You're gonna
have to separate 'em.
That's why I like
the golf course.
A lot of space.
And who is he?
How should I know?
Who cares?
Do you care?
Nope.
What is up with you, man?
What are you talking about?
It's so out of the question
I ask who I'm gonna clip?
You look low energy, Dolinski.
I'm economizing
my blood pressure.
You tried Peloton?
No.
You heard about this kid?
What about him?
Opal thinks he's some
sort of hitman prodigy.
Like you used to be.
Only problem, he keeps,
you know...
killing bystanders.
Prodigy?
Guy paints his fingernails.
He's half a retard.
Whoa. You know you're not
supposed to say that anymore.
What? "Retard?"
Lucky for you.
What did I do
to deserve this hostility?
I I thought
we had banter going.
You take it too far.
Sorry.
I was joking about your wife.
Now while...
while Mr. Killing Genius
and I go do this thing,
would you mind
taking her shopping?
What the fuck do I look like?
Well, you got something to do?
Jesus.
Buy her a coffee,
show her the shops.
She still looks good,
doesn't she?
(CHUCKLES) Sure.
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
Move in.
(WIHLBORG GRUNTS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(BIRDS CALLING)
(CAR ENGINE HALTS)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
What do you got for me?
For you, I got jack shit.
Sorry? What?
What do you mean?
What I mean is
you stay in the car.
What are you talking about?
You're supposed to observe me,
give me feedback
on how I do this thing.
DOLINSKI: Here's
what's gonna happen.
I'm gonna kill this gentleman.
You're gonna stay in the car,
listen to the radio,
paint your fucking nails.
Have you completely
fucking lost it?
I'm gonna show our friends
in London that...
injured hand or not,
Danny Dolinski
still has gas in the tank.
I can do this work with
my eyes closed and a bum hand,
and you're gonna
tell them that
I'm the best you've ever seen.
Will you put the gun down?
I don't like anybody
behind me with a gun,
even if
we're working together.
Now, listen, pal.
In more than 30 years,
I've never killed anyone
by mistake.
Not one innocent casualty.
You know, unlike you,
Mr. Millennial.
That's really impressive,
Dolinski.
Or is it Gen Z?
Who can tell the difference?
What the fuck.
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
(CROWS CAWING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
MICAH: Great shot.
(THWACK)
That's okay.
(PERKY, SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC
PLAYING)
Hey, whoa, whoa.
(LAUGHING)
Where's the ball?
(EXHALES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Yo.
Callaway 2?
You playing?
Or just taking a stroll?
Taking a break.
My hand, I just had
joint fusion surgery.
That's a pity.
Oh, fuck!
(GUNSHOT)
Ah, fuck!
MICAH: Hey!
Lads!
Let's go.
(MICAH PANTS)
Go, go, go.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTS)
Oh, there you are.
(GUNSHOT)
(DOLINSKI GROANS)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
You're finished, buddy.
(DOLINSKI GROANS)
BODYGUARD: I recognize him.
It's Dolinski.
Used to work for London.
I don't have
any business in London.
What is this?
Personal?
Go get him.
He can't even aim.
BODYGUARD: They say he used
to be their best guy.
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
MICAH: Who the fuck are you?
What the fuck?
(SINGLE GUNSHOT)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(MICAH GROANING)
(GUNSHOT)
Come on, Dolinski.
Let's bury these fuckers.
(TEASING VIBE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SPADES CLATTER,
CAR TRUNK CLOSES)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUTED CHATTER)
Hey.
DOLINSKI: Hello.
As requested.
DOLINSKI: Thank you.
How was your day?
Can I have another one?
That good, huh?
You look lovely.
Oh, thank you.
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey. Hey.
We got to talk about today.
What's there to talk about?
Okay, take my spot.
Another one of those.
Make it two.
I don't drink. No.
All right, listen. So...
I'll tell them that
you gave me good feedback
and that you might have
taught me a few tricks
but II have to do this
on my own.
You know what I like to do
after work?
Not talk about work.
Okay, but today was
pretty fucked up, right?
Very well...
I ordered you to stay
in the car, did I not?
Oh, come on. That can't be
your take on today.
I had an out.
Several, in fact.
Mm. You'll have to
tell me about them.
A lot of young guys
do a couple of jobs,
they get decent results,
and then they start
thinking to themselves,
"I must be one of the best."
But all that's really happened
was you've been lucky.
You were lucky
that I was there today.
You got a lot to learn.
Lesson number one.
Someone offers you a drink,
you take it.
Whatever he wants is on me.
Lesson number two.
Never miss an opportunity,
especially for
bedding the Duchess.
I'm coming back, ladies!
He's easy to underestimate.
I think animals would be
eating his flesh right now
if it weren't for me.
So what's going on
with you two, for real?
I mean, are you sleeping
together or, you know?
You don't know how to
read people at all, do you?
He's my friend.
Got any of those?
I don't really need any.
And, um...
if he is your friend
and you care at all about him,
tell him to retire
before he gets himself killed.
(DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(DISTANT SIREN BLARING)
(SOFT, PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
He's fast as hell.
Very accurate shooter.
Decisive.
But upstairs...
I don't know.
I could teach him
a few things, you know...
(PHONE VIBRATES)
How to talk...
present himself.
(ANATA CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Who are you texting?
Uh, Anuj.
The guy that I'm having dinner
with tonight.
(CHUCKLES)
Look what he just sent me.
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
Mm-hm.
It's so cute.
(SIREN WAILING OUTSIDE)
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
Do you want me to get it?
Yeah, I'm doing my nails.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Hi.
Good morning, Anata.
Want a croissant?
Uh, my body's trained to
not seek carbs this early.
(MUNCHES CROISSANT)
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
(CAGES OPENING)
(DOGS BARKING)
SIMONE: Hey, Dolinski.
DOLINSKI: Hey, Simone.
They brought out
the A team, no?
Come on. Follow me.
How's the hand?
DOLINSKI: Well,
thanks for asking.
Much better.
SIMONE: Yeah, my granny just
had the exact same surgery.
Christ!
You understand
the purpose of a trainer
is to improve the run time
of the animal.
This afternoon,
I expect improvement.
Otherwise, I'll be feeding
the three of you to my pigs.
William.
You made the papers.
Quite the homecoming
for you, Dolinski.
Homecoming?
He didn't tell you?
Dolinski used to be
a regular here in Belfast
once we got his mother
out of Poland.
That was a long time ago.
SIMONE: Well, here's your
welcome home present.
(FOLDER THUDS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
DOLINSKI: Get out of here.
Barbierri.
Nah, that's a suicide mission.
We'll pass.
WILLIAM:
Can't let you do that.
You need to move quick.
We need a fast outcome.
No, yeah.
Let's get out of here.
You're not leaving, Dolinski.
Oh, really?
This isn't at-will employment.
(GUN CLICKS)
After I've taken you
under my wing?
Sit down, Dolinski.
Hear him out.
Come on.
Your protest is noted.
Sit on down.
Okay.
Good. We all cool?
The guy you did
on the golf course
was their number three.
They were training him up
to be the heir apparent.
You might have mentioned that.
(LAUGHS) I've gotta explain
the ways of things to you?
We do what we're asked.
(DOLINSKI SIGHS)
WIHLBORG: Security system
and multiple guards.
How the fuck are we
supposed to get in here?
See what you've done now,
Dolinski?
Now Mr. Wannabe Navy Seal here
has an opinion.
Maybe you ask
your dog trainer,
see what he thinks.
I'm just pointing it out.
You'll appreciate this,
Dolinski.
This kid...
has been on six jobs.
Seven.
Already done
13 innocent bystanders.
You're counting the bodyguards
at the golf course?
I saved his life.
Did I not?
They're having
a leadership squabble.
Opal smells opportunity.
While they chase their tails
trying to figure out
what happened to
the number three,
we cut off
the head of the beast
and merge into
one big UK organization.
Are you coming?
I'm looking for Yatzeck.
Looking for?
We don't know
where Yatzeck is,
but we're supposed to take out
his number two?
I'll find him.
This is...
this is ridiculous.
You know that.
WILLIAM: Yeah, yeah.
You might be right.
But guess what?
No one asked me
and no one asked you.
So there's no point in
arguing about it, is there?
Now, with your blessing,
can I show you
how you're going to do it?
You're not going in the front,
'cause that
egomaniac Barbierri
insists on an ocean view.
So you're going by water.
DOLINSKI:
Don't put it out there that
you'd raise a gun at me.
Or anyone for that matter.
If you pull a gun,
it's because you gotta use it.
Otherwise, you keep it
in your pants.
WIHLBORG:
I don't work for you, man.
DOLINSKI: Shut the fuck up
for a second.
I'm trying to teach you
something.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
You gotta think for yourself.
Following their instructions
like a robot
is only going to
get you killed.
Or worse.
You're saying
we shouldn't do it.
I'm... I'm saying
if you do it,
you do it because
you think it's doable.
Listen, William doesn't know
these people like I do.
They're vicious.
They don't just put a bullet
in your brain
like civilized people.
Guy I knew ran afoul of them.
They tortured him
for three days
just to make a point.
Turned him into
a babbling vegetable.
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
I wonder whether
Anata found a dress.
(CAR ENGINE REVS)
(SOFT, TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Did I freak you out
or something?
No. No, I, you know,
I appreciate
you making the effort
to teach me something.
Most people in my life
never taught me anything.
Someone taught you to shoot.
Yeah, my adopted dad did.
There you go.
Yeah, but it kind of
came natural.
I mean, you know,
for the most part,
he was a drunken asshole.
Oh, here we go.
WIHLBORG: What?
Should I put some
schmaltzy music on for you?
Why do you have to be
such an asshole?
You know, I'm trying...
never fucking mind.
I don't like whining.
Who's whining?
Go on, then.
Tell me how Daddy was mean
so now you have to
kill people for a living.
This is a craft for me.
Actually more like an art.
You know, that's my style.
I hate to burst
your bubble, Picasso,
but we're no artists.
We're sanitation workers.
We take out the garbage.
Oh, there she is.
(APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS)
Did you get something?
Oh, sexy.
Get in the back, Michelangelo.
(CAR DOORS CLOSE)
So where do you meet
your your friend
for dinner tonight?
The Muddlers Club.
Ohh, fancy.
Mm-hm.
What's he do? Finance?
Medicine.
Medicine? Wow.
That's a good job.
(CAR ENGINE STARTS, REVS)
(SOFT, ROUSING MUSIC PLAYING)
Where's all the fucking water?
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(KICKING THE BOAT)
(CHUCKLING GLEEFULLY)
You find this funny?
All the fucking water's gone.
Bad intel on the tides,
I guess.
(TEARING THE TAPE)
What are we going to do?
We'll walk.
It's about a mile and a half.
(TAPE TEARING CONTINUES)
What are you doing?
Widening the grip.
You know,
make the trigger pull
a little easier.
I have a little
arthritis in my hand.
No big deal,
but at the golf course,
it acted up.
Try this. It has less kick
than your .45.
Yeah. What do I look like?
Your Auntie Daisy?
Oh, don't be a fucking idiot.
Just try it.
Look,
if I get into a gunfight,
I need my showstopper.
(SIGHS) Whatever.
(PILLS CLATTERING)
Painkillers.
Maybe they're the reason
your aim was off,
and not your hand.
Just worry about yourself.
I am worried about myself.
I'm worried I have
a drugged up partner.
Listen, kid.
I've been
doing pharmaceuticals
since I was 16 years old.
I can handle my drugs.
Pills and booze
impair motor skills.
They're also bad for
your long-term health.
Thank you, Nancy Reagan.
Who?
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SQUELCHING FOOTSTEPS)
DOLINSKI: You don't have to
talk all the time, you know,
especially
when you're going to a job.
You can be quiet
once in a while.
This constant,
constant talking
just, you know, distracts...
Me?
Yeah.
WIHLBORG:
You're the one talking.
DOLINSKI: Seriously.
Mind the rocks.
(PATRONS CHATTER AND LAUGH)
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(ANNOUNCER ON TV TALKING)
(ZIPPER BUZZES)
(PHONE SCANNING)
WIHLBORG: Okay.
(ZIPPER BUZZES)
Ready?
Oh, yeah. Let's go.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ONGOING CHATTER ON TV)
(SHUSHES)
(DOOR OPENS)
Grandpa? I'm thirsty.
DOLINSKI: Hello.
Who are you?
I'm Danny Dolinski.
Very pleased to make
your acquaintance.
And you? Who are you?
Macy.
Macy. That's amazing.
You're thirsty?
Do you want some water?
We need glasses.
Up there.
Can I take some too?
Thank you.
Come.
Do you want to sit
at the counter?
MACY: Yeah.
DOLINSKI: Yeah.
(WATER POURING)
Cheers.
Ah, good.
Good.
Enough?
Yeah? Good.
Wanna go?
Where's your bedroom?
That way?
Let's go.
I'll follow you.
What is your favorite
kind of chocolate?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOFT CLUB MUSIC,
GLASSES CLINKING)
ANATA: Hi.
I'm really, really sorry.
Don't worry.
You're saving children
and grandmothers, right?
Paperwork more like.
Ah.
What's good, what's good...
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
She's back in bed.
Who else is in the house?
It's just me and her.
Yeah, go check.
We need to slip out quietly.
Thank you for that.
A little girl?
Who do you think I am?
I know you.
You're from London.
Aren't you?
May I?
Go ahead.
Do you want one?
Sure.
(ALCOHOL POURS)
Your bosses are fools.
They don't have the muscle
to take over.
It's above my pay grade
to contemplate.
Why are you partnered up?
London usually has you guys
work alone.
Training him.
(BARBIERRI CHUCKLES)
You don't believe that,
do you?
Let me tell you something
from a management perspective.
"Training" means "replacing."
Did they give you an option?
Of course not,
and I'll tell you why.
Because the only thing that
London cares about is youth.
Now up here,
we value experience.
You value the same one thing
everyone does.
Including you?
'Cause I can triple your pay.
We washed twice as much money
as London last year.
I can make you our number one.
All you've got to do
is put a bullet
in the head of your trainee
when he walks in that door.
Security moved.
I found a better exit.
What's going on?
Go ahead, Dolinski.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS UP)
(SHOT FIRED WILDLY)
(ONE MORE SHOT FIRED)
I told you about those pills.
I'm so happy to see you.
I think I'll only have time
for a drink.
What? Oh, what about dinner?
Oh, I need to be back by 9:00.
Oh, that's in 45 minutes.
Can I see you after work?
Um, what time do you think
you'll finish?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Um, I've been trying to figure
out a way to tell you this.
I've met someone.
You met someone...
Okay. Um...
I just drove all the way
from London,
and you're
telling me this now?
I'm sorry.
Look, we've never connected.
We weren't like...
We weren't like what?
Hey, we had fun, right?
We can still have fun
if you want. We can
go back to your hotel room...
WAITER: Can I tell you about
our dinner specials?
Sorry. Give us a sec.
Anata.
One more, for old time's sake.
(ANUJ GROANS)
(ANUJ SCOFFS)
(FOOTSTEPS SQUELCHING IN MUD)
Are you mad at me?
Did I do something wrong?
You're gonna pretend
you weren't gonna kill
that little girl?
Well, I didn't do it, did I?
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
So... you made the mud walk.
And you...
managed not to kill
any innocents.
Bravo, gentlemen.
(GLASSES CLINK)
Not with water.
It was a good job.
Here. Same again all round.
Hm?
Come on. Move, cowboy.
So...
This working together thing.
Not bad, right?
Nah.
WILLIAM: What?
(SMACKS LIPS) Nah.
You're kidding.
His skills... your expertise.
Quite a team, yeah?
I don't see it.
Look, fuck the lone wolf shit,
Dolinski, okay?
You're gonna need him.
I don't need him. What for?
Our perspective has changed.
What does that mean?
Yatzeck keeps a low profile.
Simone's got leads,
but Opal wants you
to be ready.
Both of you.
Right, keep your phones on
in case Simone has
a breakthrough, yeah?
You didn't tell him
about the girl?
No. Why would I?
I don't know.
You have these weirdass
codes of behavior and shit.
DOLINSKI: No.
It's called morality.
We make a living
the same way, bro.
No, we don't.
I kill people because
they had it coming.
You...
you're something else.
You know, I think the reason
you keep it clean
is because you've only done
easy jobs
your whole life.
Sounds like you got something
you want to get
off your chest.
You've never been in the shit.
Unlike me.
Where I come from, one does
what one needs to survive.
And if that involves
killing a kid, so be it.
Is it a challenge for you
to simulate being human?
You don't know
anything about me.
No, I do.
You're a run-of-the-mill
foster kid,
kid with daddy issues,
and probably a little
psychopathic.
It's not that complicated.
(WIHLBORG GRUNTS)
What are you idiots doing?
Stop it. Stop.
(GUN CLICKS)
Jesus Christ.
Go ahead.
I'm still not your daddy.
What the fuck are you doing?
Really?
Let's get a drink.
(PARTY MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Daylight hasn't passed
DOLINSKI: Short date.
Kind of.
♪ Midnight
He got called in.
Some kind of emergency.
I don't mind.
He's a doctor, you know.
He's gotta save lives.
Big fucking deal.
♪ I could get real high
♪ Never high enough ♪
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(CLUB PATRONS LAUGHING)
(ANATA GROANS)
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
I'm sorry, Anata.
I shouldn't have.
I'm too old for this shit.
I'd give years of my life
to have your age.
(ANATA SIGHS)
What are you so worried about?
Is a regular life so far
out of the question?
What do you want
with a doctor anyway?
Could you just be real
for a minute?
What's wrong with you?
Yeah.
Yeah, what's wrong with me?
No, not not like that.
I mean, there's nothing
wrong with you.
You don't know anything.
What's wrong with me
seems to be more the question.
I could take care of you.
Gimme a break, Dolinski.
You can't even
take care of yourself.
I gotta
do something different.
I was freezing my ass off,
like a degenerate.
I love you.
Oh, fuck off, Dolinski.
I would marry you.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
(RUNNING FOOTSTEPS)
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
(CAR TIRES SCREECH)
DOLINSKI: Fuck.
(CAR DOORS CLOSING)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey!
BODYGUARD: Let's go. Come on.
(THUDS AGAINST GARBAGE BIN)
Who are you?
Danny Dolinski.
Is that supposed to mean
something?
Am I supposed to know you?
You killed Micah
on the golf course then.
Bravo, Columbo.
Who ordered this?
And don't say London
'cause not even London's
that fucking stupid.
London.
This fucking guy...
(GUN CLICKS)
Don't think I won't.
DOLINSKI: Move over.
It's okay. It's okay.
Let's go.
I'll find you, London.
Look, it's between our bosses.
You're doing your job,
I'm doing mine.
No hard feelings.
Maybe I take my job
more seriously than you,
but I'll find you both.
You can bet on that.
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(ANATA GROANS)
(DOOR OPENS)
ANATA: Oh.
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING)
DOLINSKI: Hello, Mama.
MOM: Mm. Is that you, Danny?
Yes.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Oh.
Hello.
Mm.
How long
are you going to stay?
Only tonight.
Oh.
Mama...
This is Anata.
MOM: Oh.
Hi.
Hello. I'm Tory Dolinski.
It's nice to meet you.
MOM: Uh-huh.
She's very pretty.
Are you two, um...
No.
Oh. I made up the bed.
I'll sleep on the sofa.
Oh.
I'll make eggs for breakfast.
(DOLINSKI CHUCKLES)
MOM: I'll put the kettle on.
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SEAGULLS SQUAWKING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(EXHALES)
So how much do houses cost
around here?
You don't want to live
round here.
I wouldn't turn it down.
(MOM GIGGLES)
Too boring for
a young woman like you.
(ANATA CHUCKLES)
I know.
Because it's too boring
for an old woman like me.
Well...
boring doesn't sound so bad.
I have known you for...
mm, three minutes.
I can tell you do not have
a boring bone in your body.
(SCOFFS) Thank you.
I think.
Now my son hardly shares
anything about his life
with me.
Tell me, does he have
someone special?
Um, not as far as I know.
Mm.
(SEAGULLS SQUAWKING)
(WIHLBORG GRUNTS)
(PHONE VIBRATING)
(PANTING)
Yeah?
Did you hear?
WIHLBORG:
William said you did
three of theirs in public.
I swear it was a
complete and total mess.
Word I was gonna use
is badass.
(CHUCKLES) Yeah.
I owe you an apology
about last night.
Not that you were exactly
right but but...
Yeah, forget it.
It's it's all good.
I think it's best
I get out of town.
I have
a little place in Wales.
We found Yatzeck.
Come again?
WIHLBORG:
Simone found him apparently.
No shit.
Grand Central Hotel.
(DISTANT SIREN WAILING)
Where's his security?
WIHLBORG: Everywhere.
He has teams roaming the city
looking for us.
And apparently,
PSNI is helping.
The only guy he's had
communications with
is with his messenger
that visits his room
once a day.
And how do we enter
the building?
That I don't know.
But if we can get in,
I know I can get to his room.
Yeah, almost like
a proper hotel guest.
Now you got to
lose that thing.
My race car? No way.
It stands out, you know?
It's the kind of thing
a witness remembers.
I need it.
It keeps me centered.
Yeah,
I'll hold on to it for you.
Don't lose it.
I won't.
It's the oldest thing I have.
It's the only thing I have
from before I was adopted.
It's a piece of plastic.
Yeah, well, it helps me
remember I exist.
You know? Sometimes,
I don't feel like
a real person.
You're real enough, trust me.
(BOTH CLAP HANDS)
(TRUCK BEEPING)
Yo, can I help you?
What's going on?
Yeah, just tell me
where you want 'em.
What is this?
What is it?
Microwaves.
Right, we didn't order
any microwaves.
It's not us.
Can you move the truck?
(LAUGHS) I'm just delivery.
They give me the boxes
and the address.
Maybe doublecheck your log?
I don't need to
doublecheck the log.
We didn't order it.
Now move.
You're blocking the entrance.
Well, the order might
have been put in months ago.
Mate, it wasn't put in
months ago.
No, we didn't order it,
so can you move?
Look. Between you and me,
I'm having a hard day here,
you know.
I'm way behind and
if I take any of the stuff
back to the warehouse,
it's my ass.
I I need the job.
My age...
Yeah, mate, I can't help you,
all right?
Now move the truck.
Well, if it helps at all,
I could
spruce up the deal...
little bit.
(DOOR OPENS)
(BROODING MUSIC PLAYING)
DOLINSKI: (ON RADIO)
Are you there?
Yeah.
It's clear.
(SEAGULLS SQUAWKING)
(PILLS RATTLE)
I'm heading to the stairs.
Going quiet.
Copy that.
(FOOTSTEPS ON STAIRS)
(SCANNER BEEPING)
(SCANNER BEEPS)
(BLOWS)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
(RUMBLE OF
APPROACHING VEHICLE)
(CAR DOORS CLOSING)
Get the fuck out of there!
(DOOR UNLOCKS)
(DOOR OPENS)
(SHOWER RUNNING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Wihlborg!
(SHOWER RUNNING)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(DOOR SLAMS)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
Oh, fuck!
GUNMAN: Grab him.
Fuck.
Fuck. Oh, fuck.
(PERKY FOOTSTEPS)
Don't worry. I'll find him.
So you've got two options.
One, tell me where
Dolinski's going.
Or two, you can choose
the path of stubbornness.
But before you
make up your mind,
there's something
I want you to understand
about the stubborn path.
The end result
will be the same.
The only difference is
that you will have met Monty.
Now Monty specializes
in extracting information.
Fuck off.
Hm.
This is what you get
for trying to be helpful.
(TRUNK SHUTS)
(TENSE, SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC
PLAYING)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(CAR REVS)
OPAL: (INTO PHONE)
I don't know.
They've gone silent.
I know it's not fucking good.
(DOOR OPENS)
Well, where's
your girl Simone?
Call her again.
We need answers.
Fucking shit!
What do you want?
The tree trimmers are here.
So what?
Uh, shall I tell them
to come back another day?
OPAL: Fuck off!
(DOOR CLOSES)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
ASSISTANT: All right, guys...
(SILENCED GUNSHOTS)
(CHAINSAW WHIRS)
(TENSE, SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC
PLAYING)
(CAR DOOR CLOSING)
You got your phone?
What happened?
Any other shit they can trace?
Laptop, backup phone?
No, that's it.
Here's some cash.
I suggest you get your mother,
and you start driving.
What happened?
Simone fucked us over.
And Wihlborg?
What about him?
Is he dead?
You know
how they do it up here.
We need to call in
the cavalry.
It was Opal's idea, not ours.
Opal's dead.
Thirty minutes ago.
Her whole house.
We need to get the kid out.
They are gonna root out
every last one of us...
and our families.
We made a play... and we lost.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(CAR ENGINE REVS)
(CAR TIRES SCREECH)
We have to go. We have to go.
MOM: Oh, my God!
We have to go. Let's go.
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
DOLINSKI: Go!
Hurry up!
Faster!
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Is that you, Simone?
(GUNFIRE)
Why'd you flip?
(GUNSHOT)
You know this isn't about us.
We're just the worker bees.
I've got my mom
and a friend up here.
(GUNSHOT)
Let's make a deal.
Tell 'em you never found me.
(CLATTERING)
You'll never see me again.
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(CALCULATED GUNSHOTS)
(BODY THUDS)
Come. Careful.
Oh. Yes. Yeah.
Where's my handbag?
I have it.
All right.
I need you
to take her to Dublin
and take a boat to Wales.
What about you?
(WHIMPERING) Oh dear!
Careful.
Yes.
Mind your head.
Hurry up.
MOM: Oh.
Belt.
He's not your responsibility.
He's my partner.
By yourself?
Look, there's no one else.
You're too old.
No shit.
You don't even like him.
See you there.
Bye, Mama. See you soon.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS THEN REVS)
♪ I should've
Kept my mouth shut
♪ I should've listened
To Mary now
♪ My conscience stings me
Like a paper cut
♪ I guess there's
Nothing for free now
♪ Here we go
Gold is black
Ghosts are not dead
♪ Two bullets in the back
♪ One in the head
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(FAST PACED MUSIC)
♪ La la la la
♪ La la la
BOUNCER: Move on real fast.
(SINGLE GUNSHOT)
(BOUNCER GRUNTING)
(SONG CONTINUES)
(GASOLINE CONTAINER THUDS)
What do you want, mate?
I want the piece you got
stored back there, first.
You know who runs this place?
Sure.
(BULLETS CLINKING)
So now, you might
want to get lost
and call whoever
needs to be called.
Tell them Danny Dolinski
wants the kid,
or I'm raining
holy hell on them.
I'm instructed to
go down with the ship,
else it's my ass.
Well, you have a difficult
decision to make then.
Not really.
(RAPID GUNSHOTS)
♪ One in the head
♪ I should've
Kept my mouth shut
♪ I know my time has come
♪ I should've listened
To Mary now
♪ Feeling down feeling down
(GASOLINE POURING)
♪ My conscience stings me
Like a paper cut
♪ I know my time has come
♪ I guess there's nothing
for free now
(FLAME CRACKLES)
(LIGHTER CLANKS)
(FLAMES CRACKLING)
♪ Here we go
Gold is black
Ghosts are not dead
♪ Two bullets in the back
♪ One in the head
♪ One in the head ♪
It's impressive.
For a has-been.
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CAR ENGINE REVVING)
DRIVER: What? What the fuck?
(CAR CRASHES)
(SCREAMING)
(CAR TIRES SCREECH)
(CAR CRASHES)
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(YATZECK GROANS)
(CAR ENGINE REVS)
There's no way out
for you now.
DOLINSKI:
I'm not listening.
Just waiting.
You shoulda retired
when you had the chance.
It's too late now.
Yeah, speak for yourself.
Instead, you'll be dead soon.
Yeah. There's always that.
(APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS)
Stop right there.
Leave the kid and get lost.
(WIHLBORG PANTING)
(SWITCHBLADE CLICKS)
(STABS WITH SWITCHBLADE)
(WIHLBORG GROANS, GRUNTING)
(THUDS TO FLOOR)
Come and get him!
(RAPID GUNFIRE,
BULLETS RICOCHETING)
(WIHLBORG GROANS)
MONTY: Kill him!
(RAPID GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
Fucking kill that prick!
(YATZECK GROANS)
MAN: Easy.
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(BULLETS CLANKING)
(YATZECK GROANING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(EXPLOSION)
(BULLETS RICOCHETING)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(BODIES THUD)
(GUNSHOT)
(TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(STEADY FOOTSTEPS)
(GUNSHOT)
(RIFLE COCKS)
(BODY THUDS)
(WIHLBORG GROANS)
(RUNNING FOOTSTEPS)
(UPLIFTING MUSIC PLAYING)
(CAR DOOR SHUTS)
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
(CAR ENGINE REVVING)
You didn't have to come back.
What, did you miss me?
(LAUGHS)
I...
I didn't come back for you.
I came back because...
because I'm the best.
Because I'm the greatest.
I'm the... the... the GOAT.
Dolinski still has
gas in the tank.
Can we just get out of here?
(UPLIFTING MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CAR ENGINE REVS)
♪ One step forward
Two steps back
♪ Is what they say
♪ Seems to me
I'm rewinding every day
(MUTTERED CHATTER)
♪ Now woman pay attention
♪ Because I ain't coming home
♪ I'm going drinking
In between when I pray
Cheers.
He doesn't like
when I cheers with water.
DOLINSKI:
I brought some towels.
Wanna take a shower
in the morning.
We can go out for breakfast.
We don't have to
stay down here if you...
(ROMANTIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(WOMAN VOCALIZING)
(PARTY VIBE MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENDING MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ La la la la
♪ La la la
♪ I should've
Kept my mouth shut
♪ La la la
♪ I should've listened
To Mary now
♪ La la la
♪ My conscience stings me
Like a paper cut
♪ La la la
♪ I guess there's
Nothing for free now
♪ La la la
♪ Here we go
Gold is black
Ghosts are not dead
♪ Two bullets in the back
♪ One in the head
♪ Here we go
Gold is black
Ghosts are not dead
♪ Two bullets in the back
♪ One in the head
♪ I should've
Kept my mouth shut
♪ I know my time has come
♪ I should've listened
To Mary now
♪ Feeling down feeling down
♪ My conscience stings me
Like a paper cut
♪ I know my time has come
♪ I guess there's
Nothing for free now
♪ Feeling down feeling down
♪ Here we go
Gold is black
Ghosts are not dead
♪ Two bullets in the back
♪ One in the head
♪ One in the head ♪
(MUSIC FADES)